This ReadMe is an AboutMe. Innovation and creativity have been pillars of Suzanne’s career across marketing, advertising, and television. An integrated background has informed her approach to product development and guided her focus on the importance of the role of the creative producer in leading successful creative production, program, integrated, and project management departments. As an x-shaped leader, Suzanne sets strategic business goals, drives cross-functional teams to success, and has a proven history of leading award-winning work. She enjoys making “smart” work, from immersive experiences to work that leverages IoT connectivity to benefit consumers.
Suzanne is currently consulting on product development, branding, and marketing. Previous experience includes agency-side leadership roles, product lead roles within tech organizations, and numerous producing and production company roles. Suzanne is an expert in the marriage of strategic positioning with production know-how. She’s experienced across emerging tech, Gen/Conv AI, Omnichannel, Web3, VR/AR/MR, sites, API integrations, apps, shoots, animation, and content of all types. She has a truly integrated skill set, having also produced television shows and series for AMC, Oxygen, Nick Jr., and MTV, as well as broadcast spots, promos, and documentary shorts. Advertising clients include Google, Nike, Pfizer, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Samsung, Sherwin-Williams, PwC, TNT, Macy’s, Target, Johnnie Walker, Ford, Cadillac, Sprite, Verizon, Sony Pictures, and Discovery Networks.
Throughout her career, Suzanne and her teams have produced projects that have received 70+ awards and honors, including Cannes Lions, AICP Next, The Clios, The Webbys, The One Show, D&AD, The Andys, Art Directors Club, 4A’s, FWA, The Shorty Awards, LIA, MM+M, and more.
Suzanne’s other interests include art, nature, and renewable energy.
